java c ELEE 8240 Fall 2024 Laboratory 9: External Libraries (Due 11/4/2024) In this lab we will compile a library and use 3 functions to process a png image to detect the edges.

     Create a vi that opens a   png   image   file   using   the   read   png   vi.   The   extract   the   byte   data   using   the   uncluster   by   name tool.   Find a   png   image   (online, on your   phone, etc.) that   you   can   use   to   test your code.
a. For fun, figure out how to display the color image using the picture vi or the Intensity Graph. 2. In Visual Studio, create a c++ dll. To create the project you can choose the console, windows, and library options. Place the code in the attached .cpp and .h files into the correct files in the project and compile the project. 3. If your png file is an 8-bit RGB file there should be 3 bytes per pixel. (Some png files have an additional byte for transparency. Make sure to choose a代 写ELEE 8240 Fall 2024 Laboratory 9: External LibrariesC/C++ 代做程序编程语言 file with 3 bytes per pixel.) The Function in the dll, png_to_array() will sum the colors for each pixel and put the data into a two-dimensional array, creating a grayscale version of the image. Display the grayscale version of the vi using the Intensity Graph. Manipulate your image so that it appears upright. 4. Use the Sobelx() and Sobely() functions in the dll to create the x and y gradients. 5. The edges of an image g can be detected by creating the image |▽g|. Create this image and display it in a separate Intensity Graph. a. If you have previous c++ experience and/or are feeling cocky, you can try adding your own image processing function to the dll. For example a Laplacian filter replaces every pixel with the weighted sum of adjacent pixels, A smoothing filter might use
6. Upload the vi and dll (just the .dll) file to ELC.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
